rm nightly CMIP run (#1485)
CliMA/ClimaCoupler.jl: .buildkite/README.md

# [ClimaCoupler - Coarse Nightly AMIP](https://buildkite.com/clima/climacoupler-coarse-nightly-amip)
- Scheduled daily Sunday-Thursday at 6pm PST (2am UTC +1 day)
- Walltime (approx.): 12 hours
- Runs on Caltech Clima node (3 GPUs)
- Configuration file location: `config/nightly_configs/`

> This pipeline runs nightly on weekdays (5x per week), and uses 3 atmospheric

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This pipeline runs nightly on Monday - Thursday (4x per week), and uses 3 atmospheric
```
